the economic agreement that
berting of borne had with Gabriela Guillén is broken he will
not pay him a single cent anymore Antonio David
Flores destroys Rocío Carrasco
interviewing the vice president of the
ANAVID association
María Patiño is given a slap on the wrist for not trusting the
justice system
Terelu Campo's double standards with Isa P against
Rocío Flores Gloria Camila shows how
her dog gets excited with
Rocío Jurado's songs Mediaset reopens the case
in court to recover
Pasapalabra Pitingo apologizes for an
unfortunate headline Journalist Alberto
Menz gets really angry with some
media outlets Nuria Marín talks
about Princess Leonor And how does
that greeting look for that mysterious boy in the
hand kiss Torito throws a hard barb
for Telec and especially for An Rosa
Quintana Rosa Villacastín believes in
life after death and Rosana
Saneti has some loving words
for her love David Vibal all this and
much more here on your favorite
gossip channel How are you family?
Good afternoon I hope you are
Enjoying the day you know that
we are here every day more or
less at the same time to bring you all
the gossip before this program I
did it in the morning but now I'm
trying to have it at
lunchtime which is not bad either I am not
Javi Oliveira welcome one more day to
my channel this channel is called telesalseo
but this program is the lollipop in this
program every day I quickly inform you
of all the headlines of the
heart news TV news
Social chronicle and everything that is
newsworthy we will tell you here in the
most entertaining way possible fun you
see above all that is very
important today tonight we have a
live tonight we have a great live
show with Trium we will be accompanied by
professionals and we will close the
Álvaro Prieto case do not miss it
today's live it is going to be very powerful
I love you all supporting the channel okay
also subscribe to the Trium Channel
Trium Art Well family what I said okay
today we have a lot of ironing we have a lot of
news from the heart things are on
fire things are not stopping so
nothing  grab a snack or if you're
eating many of you will be watching This
video at coffee time So it's not
bad either to subscribe to the Channel give me
a like I want you active in the
comments box commenting on all the topics
that will come out in this video let's go to
[Music]
mess the financial agreement that
Bertín of borne had with the supposed
mother of his next child Gabriela
Guillén is broken berting of borne agreed with her
to give her a kind of support a
kind of pay Yes a pay really
gave her a pay a salary every month
until the child was born do the
paternity tests and well that she would not
lack anything not to have her well
accommodated financially no we don't know
What the amount is but it is a salary
with which she could be calm and
carry the pregnancy well and the
preparations for the birth of the baby eh we
even detail that it had been 9 months
since she decided to help him with a series
of expenses that she could freely
determine What she spent it on and what she
invested it in then waiting for the
arrival of that baby then receives the
news of the pregnancy what is  What
happened Well, according to Paloma
García Pelayo, they had to break this
pact because they have not agreed
on some final conditions, all the
differences that they have been having
until now, it is another time, why
is it another time because this agreement has been
broken, it has been broken, I do not know if it will be
definitive or good, of course.
When the baby is born and finally it is the
son of Bertinos Borner, well, of
course he maintains that he will take
financial charge of everything he needs. It
turns out that Bertín wanted to
regularize the situation and do it as an
official to give him explanations to the Tax
Office of that payment that he was making
monthly, but it was broken
a few days ago, after several
meetings, conversations, trying to reach
an agreement again, a second agreement,
but it is an agreement with all logic, that is to say,
trying to order, trying to give shape to
that type of income, according to
Paloma García Pelayo, this
economic situation had to be regulated because the
Tax Office, well, because it is an amount, it
is not an important amount, that has been going on for
several months and that basically, of
course, explanations have to be given to the
Tax Office and it has to be done
regularly, there is no way.  that explain
justify those incomes that
transfer, that is to say a document before a
notary in which it is justified and that
explains why
that series of incomes are being received because logically
that must be justified fiscally, it must be
ordered to which Gabriela would have
refused that she has not
agreed with the conditions that
Bertín has offered her, they did not like it and she
said that it does not depend on the amount, no,
well in any case, but it is
necessary If you receive x money for
several months in a row, both
whoever makes the payment and who
receives it, then especially it has to be
justified. I personally do not know if
any professional will be here watching
this video, if that is the case, please
put something in the comments box
because I believe that here if there is no
professional relationship you do not have to
justify anything, berting of borel is
passing that money on to whatever he wants
so that he does not lack anything
and to maintain it, period, it is like
maintenance, let's not imagine that it is 500,
1000, something like that, if the Treasury
comes and asks you why you
are paying him  This woman 1000 a month
Well you tell her that she is pregnant with
your child and you are paying her
support and that you are giving it to her
gladly Because you feel like it
Information I have is that it is after
trying with lawyers to reach that
agreement there is a document to sign that
has to be signed eh Gabriela and she
was not in the mood or was not
willing I do not know the reasons and the motives
but the fact is that they decide not to
sign it and it is for the reason that this
agreement is broken as long as there is
nothing suspicious that indicates an
employment relationship here I do not see the problem You
have to justify income if you
are doing a job because you are not going to get
paid black But if you are
giving her money in the form of food and
support I think not but well I do not
know tell me in the
comment box what you think if there is not
a regularization from documentation of
those incomes that are justified and
ordered then the
economic agreement is over at the moment I do not know if
finally a subsequent
agreement will be reached and that he already enters reason and that he
signs it Because evidently if You
receive money soles in your  account that
saying go to the store you have to justify it
somehow here it seems to me that there is
something strange that maybe Gabriela Well has
not convinced she has seen some
movement that she has not liked And she has
said that no that things are not
done like that And well we will see how
this turns out because Well the
tensions the bad vibes begin and when
things come like this from the beginning
we will see how this
parental relationship between both of them goes, it is given because she wants if it is
voluntary evidently it is
voluntary It is an agreement that they make as a
couple initially when trying to
regularize that Of course but it has to be
regularized Of course because it has been several
months the amounts are already
considerable and if you are two and a half months
more pregnant but in concept
of what
regularization a donation for that is why I was going to
intervene before a notary with a
document that I know would have
regularized those payments and the concept
But well they have not l Anio David Flores in
one of his last live shows he had
as a guest Jesús Muñoz
vice president of the ANAVID association
National Association for Aid to Victims
of Domestic Violence this gentleman has
exposed with a graph with
real numbers and in conditions How  There is the
thing with the reports of
gender violence that are not true or that do not end
with real abusers convicted
there you can see better okay Well the
gray ones are the number of reports the
blue ones are the people who like David
have ended with an absolution
or free or a desistance which is the
withdrawal of the report among those
reports I enter I have been the victim
of seven consecutive reports of
abuse and you are talking and the one who is
speaking is a terrorist from the jail I
had a request for a prison sentence of 14
and a half years I have a free acquittal for
a founded US SP I am part of those
numbers the yellow ones are the sentences are you
realizing the number of
innocent people who are being prosecuted
who have had their
fundamental rights plowed away deprived of liberty
their children have been broken they have been
identified as terrorists alcaeda
financed with public money and of those
numbers that we see there 72% of those
men reported by genderqueer in
the last 10 years has been removed  life
30,000 the average It is that 72 percent of the
3,000 suicides that occur annually among
men 72 are reported for
gender violence or
abusive processes the process of separation of
equal and Justice that entails them
Practically economic destitution
this is the incitement to suicide this
is the fluent use of
billions of euros and when I like to be
very exact with the figures it is because
each complaint of those gray ones well of
the blue ones those men who have
proven their innocence I am not saying that those
137,000 for example in 2022 are
false complaints but I leave the
question with that half with that
half that is to say practically 70 62,000
men in one year have been deprived of their
liberty labeled as terrorists
when they have done nothing more than fight for their
children for their home for their dignity for their
name and for their innocence have been
deprived of liberty pushed to
suicide we are talking about one of the
greatest social genocides of the time
of the 21st century in Spain and
all with  We have contributed with our taxes,
the truth is that looking at the
graphs the numbers are impressive,
like this man who is speaking, they have even
filed up to seven
complaints for abuse, seven complaints
that have come to nothing because the man
is innocent and good. I would love to hear
your information about this graph, about these
numbers and about this scandal, José
Alcaide, one of
Antonio David Flores' collaborators, has wanted to condemn
María Patiño and pull her
ear for this tweet that you are seeing
on the screen, justice is questioned
when it matters, the truth is that María
Patiño is wonderful, I have to make
a video one day, if you guys want to
ask me in the comments box, a
compilation of all the wonders that
María Patio says when she picks up that phone
with that Twitter and gets philosophical and starts
painting her because the truth is that she does
n't stop doing that, painting her. That's how
Patiño is and the best example is found
in you and in all the mercenaries who
participated in the great lie of
television that has generated so much damage and hatred
to a family and to society,
your inconsistency shows your moral character day after day,
José Alcaide tells him very
pissed off have also been much commented on
in the last few hours some words from
Terelu Campos In reference to Isapi
well she gets into Isabel Pantoja
how can you put aside a daughter like
this I don't know what I don't know how much or I
read your words and you say to me What are
you going to remind me of her prudence brings me closer to her
in recent years her pain disguised
as understanding or absurd understanding
there are things that cannot be understood in the
end begging for a mother's love is
very sad I won't talk about her brother because I
have nothing to say about him I don't
know him but I do have affection for his
wife Irene Rosales with whom I have
worked but this girl deserves to feel
abandoned by her family Nobody deserves
That for me what distanced me from Isa Pantoja
were some statements she made about
her mother and that didn't seem necessary to me
the people who have been close to
her have seen how this girl has suffered she
has been ignored by her family
in her own home They know Who they
are as we all know I know
because I have common friends or friends who
were common with Isabel Pantoja although
Isa has an 8 year old son she is still a
child Now let's imagine that we are not
talking about Isabel Pantoja or Isa p and
that we are talking about Rocío Carrasco and
Rocío Flores and tell me in the
comments box if you want Terelu would say
the same Gloria Camila has demonstrated once
again the complicity she has with her
pet a huge dog her dog is
huge to which she has played the music of
Rocío Jurado one of the
singer's most legendary songs and the dog well he
carries it inside he feels it and sings with
her Hey Siri Play Como yo te amo by
Río
[Music]
Jurado
half the pasapalabra case is reopened
in the supreme court and
Antena 3 is claiming it even if it is Rosco's part
Yes, you already know that half in its day in
2019 specifically lost the
pasapalabra program due to copyright issues
that well they did not
agree they did not pay what they had to
pay and in the end they ended up
losing the program The
Antena 3 took over the program and it harvests today  some hits
that well they must be pulling their
hair out these days those at tele5
because pasapalabra gets
an outrageous audience every day and in
these 4 years that have passed telec has not
been able to catch it with any other
program with any other contest that they have
put on they continue fighting and they have
reopened the case in the
supreme court and the supreme court with the support
of the prosecution has admitted
the lawsuit or this part of the lawsuit in which they
want to recover the Rosco that
according to them the Rosco would
belong to them their rights this
will take time I can't imagine it will
take a little while I don't know how long it is a
procedure that well you know how
justice works then it will only
remain to be seen if they manage to win it where they are
going to square the Rosco no but be
careful it could be a point to
recover the Rosco and that they do something with
it in a program they name it the
Rosco or something like that eh ABC de
Sevilla sa echoed this morning some
statements by pitingo specifically
a phrase that had  done on their
social networks and well Well they had been left a
little unfortunate people in Spain
don't have a [ __ ] clue about flamenco Well
I like Pitingo a lot I follow
him on social networks he is
Antonio David de Olga's friend but the truth
is that many times he gets carried away on
social networks and then receives a lot of
criticism here I leave you
Pitingo's response to the newspaper ABC in which he
recognizes his mistake and apologizes a little
for the issue now that I read the
headline is ugly the truth is I apologize I
was pissed off by the situation of how
flamenco is in Spain and the worst thing is the
little importance that is given to it in
our
country the situation of my
flamenco colleagues and even my family
who are dedicated to it do not have spaces
to show themselves on the stages only
tourists go The Peñas closing and fewer and
fewer festivals without discounting the [ __ ]
that they pay everyone they record an album and they ca
n't do promotion because they don't
get any pure flamenco on the radio it's
a
shame I went through all that and it really bothers me
that the fans are
losing flamencos they go outside of
Spain for long periods because here
The youth hobby is being lost
and any flamenco fan will tell you that But anyway I
repeat
forgive me my colleagues hurt me and it
hurts me more that in Spain we do not give
the true importance to flamenco and
outside our borders they
adore it hugs and good health to
everyone You already know that in the last few days
the controversy broke out with the issue of
Álvaro Prieto and the discovery of his
corpse a Spanish television reporter
discovered the corpse and had no
other choice but to broadcast it
live with the cameraman zooming in and
well showing the whole body of the
kid except his face because the truth is
that what was seen was the whole body
except the face you could see his hand was
very black so the truth is that they were
quite unfortunate images to
announce live that they were
finding the corpse the journalist
Alberto Mené who I recommend his channel has
just reached 100,000
subscribers he got angry he got
fired up and I really like it when he gets
angry no and when he gets fired up and says
these  little things So nothing I reproduce
the words that have been had for all
those media is worth No longer for
Spanish television but for all
those media that already cold have
taken the photo have put it in their clip
have put it on their covers in their
headlines No here you have the images
of the corpse I don't know what good Listen to
alber trajectory there are
important media important media or you have gone
through the lining any sensitivity to
get what more visits more clicks more
money at the expense of Showing a
photograph where the corpse of
Álvaro Pieto appears young man of 18 years I
congratulate you I congratulate you because you can't
be some more Vultures Really And
here with this criticism included that I
hope it reaches where it has to reach
and it's going to slide off me it's going to slide off me
absolutely everything because you don't deserve anything
else than to be called
miserable because the case of
Spanish television we can in the end
we can use as an excuse that if
we were live that if at that
moment it happened that no eh I already tell you
that no for what I have explained to you But
the others what  you have an excuse to put
that frame what do you want to achieve with this
morbid morbid attraction morbid quick click That's it there's no
need for you to answer me
because there's nothing more informative
speaking the readers understand perfect
that the lifeless body has been fenced
between two pagons you don't need to
say And now we show you how
the feet come out there anyway anyway anyway and that's it up to
here as you can see very little
surely many of you will agree
that it was not necessary to show the images
and that the news in itself was
quite morbid No Nuria Marín
wanted to give her opinion on Catalan television
about Princess Leonor's outfit that has been
so talked about in recent days in her
Hispanic parade and I admit that
Leonor dressed as a deitar is beautiful she's not she's not the one who
shaved her hair after the
film I hope not I hope not
because being a
trai well that I had an identity crisis it
was
me you already know that Princess Leonor
gave a lot to talk about with her
army gala dress she chose trousers
furthermore when normally well
women can wear
skirts much talked about her  greeting with a
friend from Zaragoza who people
Well assumed that there was some
kind of feeling things here Hello
how are you honor Hello how
are you the truth is that the images
gave a lot of play to the imagination or at
least not to speculation and it seemed
like Well it gave me the feeling
I'm going to tell you what I think what
Prim is what a
salor
fild And you how pretty you look Bourbon and toen
oysters it's cu Ren r the Prim and Ren re and r it
gave me the feeling that of the
two boys the first one is the one that
she might like or whatever it is that she couldn't
like the boy It's normal the age they
have and everything else you don't notice the tension you do
n't notice like the moment no how He
greets the queen like the mother greets
then he leaves like that too no no wanting to
dissemble a little no And then I think
I would say that the boy in the back I would say
that the boy in the back is the typical
befriend who knows the whole story no
and is there Well a little more relaxed  isn't he
a little more talkative then the
look of the Kings then as she
turns no and looks at the boy the first one if
you realize when she turns her head
Look at the
first one well well r
you to Antarctica don't
worry but don't stop And well then
all this has been much talked about on networks
much talked about on all the televisions
And in this program on
Catalan television Well it has been no less
surely you will remember one of the
most famous reporters on tele5 and well
that he walked through all the
heart programs that we usually watch and we have
commented on it Torito disappeared from half a set
recently eh And well he had
not appeared for a while and now he reappears in
an interview that they have done in a
late nate in which he launches all kinds of
barbs against tele5 against basile and in
particular this has been the most famous a
very direct hint that Ana
Rosa Quintana has made for having at her table of
panelists commenting on serious topics Like
for example the war in
Israel shame the television that does not
shame prog collaborators of talking  that you don't
Have a program and a couple of Israel Leave and
we
collaborate well it really is true
what Torito says in the program they are
having the same collaborators to
comment on the war in Israel what
Alvaro Prieto does Maybe sometimes what
Daniel Sancho does with what Daniel Sancho does maybe they have
some changes from time to time
and they put on Marlasca or someone but
many times they mix collaborators who
are talking about the heart and they
have you there talking about serious topics
also embarrassing that noad deo
interviews I'm ashamed yé that what
later is the headline Rosa V cachín has
called attention in Cuarto Milenio
with these statements in which she
tells us what she would like to believe in but doesn't
believe she would like to believe and you don't believe Well look,
I would like to believe that there really is
another life effectively because I
believe that the people who think that are very
happy and it horrifies me that they put you
underground the truth is that it has its
logic I don't know if you
agree or not but the truth is that yes eh to
think that there is a life after
death that there is another place that there is another that you
you go to heaven Well hey it gives some
hope no because that way you're not
saying Hey I have less left I have more left
but well I'll be reading the comments box
this testimony from Rosa caught my attention you know that
Rosa we love that she came here to the
Channel and that we love her very much this
week is full David Vival with the
premiere of his documentary on Movistar
yesterday we were talking about how he
left Chenoa out and Chenoa
took it badly Chenoa wants to be in
David Vival's life even today
and on this occasion we have some
moving statements that
Rosana Saneti made about her husband and father of
her children and well Well basically it comes
to say what many people say that
Vival is very close that is how he is
seen on TV that he doesn't change at all that he is
very down to earth But the thing is that I always
say David is like Santav he doesn't change
when you see him on stage when you see him
in a photocall in an interview then he
comes home it's the same I mean it's not like there is
a character of public face and
another of Face to private life it is always like
that it is always  we joke that maybe
if we had met before we wouldn't be
together in the end we arrived
at the perfect time maturely valuing
a lot what we have being very
firm Who we are too and well
family here we are leaving
today's video I hope you
liked it I assume that if you
have reached this part of the video
because you really liked it but well
tell me in the comments box you
know that you can
collaborate with the channel by becoming a member
next to the subscribe button you have
a button that says join and it
only costs 90 cents a month and it helps
the Channel a lot so that we can continue
growing so that we can continue making
these programs so that we can continue
doing the live shows every night for
only eh Well very cheap okay you click
there on the button next to subscribe it says Join
join and there they make you a member okay
And you can also give super thanks that
the Super Thanks are like the Super
chats in the live shows but here in the
videos and I really like it because they
remain here like the very
highlighted comments in colors the truth is I
answer you  anything goes if you write to me
there through the Super button thanks that
the editor will be putting it here for you I
always answer you okay So nothing
family see you Tonight at 99:30
a huge kiss love you very much bye
bye
[Music]
foreign